README.md, before:

# mender-richer-cli

This is just mender-cli, but *richer*.

## Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mcxiv/mender-richer-cli.git
cd mender-richer-cli
python3 -m pip install .
```

## Features

- **Cool UI** - Very cool interface
- **Device Management** - View and manage all your Mender devices
- **Terminal Access** - Instantiate a reverse shell to any device
- **Port Forwarding** - Forward ports from devices to your local machine
- **File Upload** - Upload files to devices
- **File Download** - Download files from devices
- **Artifact Deployment** - Deploy artifacts to devices
- **Device inventory** - Show full device inventory

## Usage

```bash
mrc --help

usage: mrc [-h] [--insecure] [--debug] server token

A richer CLI for Mender

positional arguments:
  server      Mender server URL
  token       Mender API token

options:
  -h, --help  show this help message and exit
  --insecure  Disable SSL certificate verification (not recommended for production)
  --debug     Enable debug logging
```

## Example

### Devices listing

![Devices listing](./docs/intro.png)

### Commands listing

![Commands listing](./docs/commands.png)

### Device Inventory listing

![Inventory listing](./docs/inventory.png)

### Artifacts listing

![Artifacts listing](./docs/artifact.png)

Commit message:

fix: mender-cli installation in readme
Signed-off-by: Quentin Dufournet <qdu.dev.pro@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# mender-richer-cli

This is just mender-cli, but *richer*.

## Installation

You need to install [mender-cli](https://github.com/mendersoftware/mender-cli) as `mender-richer-cli` is a wrapper around it. (For now!)

Then, you just need to install `mender-richer-cli` : 

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mcxiv/mender-richer-cli.git
cd mender-richer-cli
python3 -m pip install .
```

## Features

- **Cool UI** - Very cool interface
- **Device Management** - View and manage all your Mender devices
- **Terminal Access** - Instantiate a reverse shell to any device
- **Port Forwarding** - Forward ports from devices to your local machine
- **File Upload** - Upload files to devices
- **File Download** - Download files from devices
- **Artifact Deployment** - Deploy artifacts to devices
- **Device inventory** - Show full device inventory

## Usage

```bash
mrc --help

usage: mrc [-h] [--insecure] [--debug] server token

A richer CLI for Mender

positional arguments:
  server      Mender server URL
  token       Mender API token

options:
  -h, --help  show this help message and exit
  --insecure  Disable SSL certificate verification (not recommended for production)
  --debug     Enable debug logging
```

## Example

### Devices listing

![Devices listing](./docs/intro.png)

### Commands listing

![Commands listing](./docs/commands.png)

### Device Inventory listing

![Inventory listing](./docs/inventory.png)

### Artifacts listing

![Artifacts listing](./docs/artifact.png)
